Update APPLICATIONS.md (#2778)
XRPLF/xrpl.js: APPLICATIONS.md

  Users can use the GemWallet (non-custodial) web extension to interact with the XRPL from their browser. The documentation is available at [https://gemwallet.app/](https://gemwallet.app/docs/user-guide/introduction).

- **[XAMAN](https://xaman.app/)**

>   Users can use the xamana application to track their accounts, balances and transactions. The true power of xaman is the platform available for developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Users can use the Xaman wallet to track their accounts, balances and transactions. The true power of Xaman is the platform available for developers.
```
